PsalmodyLord, + open my lips.— And my mouth will proclaim your praise.Ant. Come, let us worship Christ, the King of martyrs.Or: Come, let us worship Christ, chief shepherd of the flock.The antiphon is repeated. In individual recitation, the antiphon may be said only at the beginning of the psalm; it need not be repeated after each strophe.Psalm 24Psalm 67Psalm 100Psalm 95A call to praise GodEncourage each other daily while it is still today (Hebrews 3:13).Come, let us sing to the Lord *  and shout with joy to the Rock who saves us.Let us approach him with praise and thanksgiving *  and sing joyful songs to the Lord.Ant. Come, let us worship Christ, the King of martyrs.Or: Come, let us worship Christ, chief shepherd of the flock.The Lord is God, the mighty God, *  the great king over all the gods.He holds in his hands the depths of the earth *  and the highest mountains as well.He made the sea; it belongs to him, *  the dry land, too, for it was formed by his hands.Ant. Come, let us worship Christ, the King of martyrs.Or: Come, let us worship Christ, chief shepherd of the flock.Come, then, let us bow down and worship, *  bending the knee before the Lord, our maker.For he is our God and we are his people, *  the flock he shepherds.Ant. Come, let us worship Christ, the King of martyrs.Or: Come, let us worship Christ, chief shepherd of the flock.Today, listen to the voice of the Lord: †Do not grow stubborn, as your fathers did  in the wilderness, *when at Meriba and Massah  they challenged me and provoked me, *Although they had seen all of my works.Ant. Come, let us worship Christ, the King of martyrs.Or: Come, let us worship Christ, chief shepherd of the flock.Forty years I endured that generation. *I said, “They are a people whose hearts go astray  and they do not know my ways.”So I swore in my anger, *  “They shall not enter into my rest.”Ant. Come, let us worship Christ, the King of martyrs.Or: Come, let us worship Christ, chief shepherd of the flock.Glory to the Father, and to the Son, *and to the Holy Spirit:as it was in the beginning, is now, *and will be for ever. Amen.Ant. Come, let us worship Christ, the King of martyrs.Or: Come, let us worship Christ, chief shepherd of the flock.If the Invitatory is not said, then the following is used:God, + come to my assistance.— Lord, make haste to help me.Glory to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Spirit:— as it was in the beginning, is now, and will be for ever. Amen. Alleluia.
HYMNAlternate Hymn[Martyrs]Martyr of God, by holding fastto Christ, the Father’s only Son,you triumph over vanquished foes,in vict’ry finding hev’nly joy.Grant us the favor of your prayerand ease the burden of our guilt;hold back the tide of wickednessand drive away distaste for life.Now all your fetters are undone,the chains that bound your holy flesh;free us from bondage to the worldfor love of Christ, the Son of God.Praise to the Father and the Sonand to the Spirit Paraclete,who crown you with a lasting crownin he